feat: restructure and improve CICD docs and examples (#135)
terramate-io/terramate-docs: cli/automation/github-actions/preview-workflow.md

      - name: Install Terramate
        uses: terramate-io/terramate-action@v2

      - name: Install OpenTofu
        uses: opentofu/setup-opentofu@v1
        with:

>           tofu_version: 1.6.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          tofu_version: 1.9.0
```

let's use the latest version

      - name: Plan Terraform changes in changed stacks
        if: steps.list.outputs.stdout
        id: plan
        run: |
          terramate run \
            --parallel 5 \
            --changed \
            --continue-on-error \
            -- \
            terraform plan -out out.tfplan -lock=false

>       ## Note: Dure to a limitation in the size of a GitHub PR comment (65,536 characters) we are truncating the output if it's too long

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ## Note: Due to a limitation in the size of a GitHub PR comment (65,536 characters), we are truncating the output if it's too long. For better and complete previews or changes consider Terramate Cloud.
```

      - name: Install Terramate
        uses: terramate-io/terramate-action@v2

      - name: Install OpenTofu
        uses: opentofu/setup-opentofu@v1
        with:

>           tofu_version: 1.6.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          tofu_version: 1.9.0
```

      ## Uncomment this if using Microsoft Azure
      # - name: Configure Azure credentials
      #   if: steps.list.outputs.stdout
      #   id: auth
      #   uses: azure/login@v2
      #   with:
      #     client-id: CHANGEME_AZURE_CLIENT_ID
      #     tenant-id: CHANGEME_AZURE_TENANT_ID
      #     subscription-id: CHANGEME_AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID

      - name: Initialize OpenTofu in changed stacks
        if: steps.list.outputs.stdout
        id: init
        run: |
          terramate run \
            --parallel 1 \
            --changed \
            -- \
            tofu init -lock-timeout=5m

      - name: Validate OpenTofu configuration in changed stacks
        if: steps.list.outputs.stdout
        id: validate
        run: |
          terramate run \
            --parallel 5 \
            --changed \
            -- \
            tofu validate

      - name: Plan OpenTofu changes in changed stacks
        if: steps.list.outputs.stdout
        id: plan
        run: |
          terramate run \
            --parallel 5 \
            --changed \
            --continue-on-error \
            -- \
            tofu plan -out out.otplan -lock=false

>       ## Note: Dure to a limitation in the size of a GitHub PR comment (65,536 characters) we are truncating the output if it's too long

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ## Note: Due to a limitation in the size of a GitHub PR comment (65,536 characters), we are truncating the output if it's too long. For better and complete previews or changes consider Terramate Cloud.
```

            --changed \
            --continue-on-error \
            -- \
            terragrunt plan -out out.tfplan -lock=false

>       ## Note: Dure to a limitation in the size of a GitHub PR comment (65,536 characters) we are truncating the output if it's too long

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ## Note: Due to a limitation in the size of a GitHub PR comment (65,536 characters), we are truncating the output if it's too long. For better and complete previews or changes consider Terramate Cloud.
```
